Continuous Deployment (CD) Pipelines (#222)
LLNL/spheral: docs/developer/dev/continuous_deployment.rst

will not automatically start and will need to be manually initialized by a 
developer with the appropriate permissions.

Spheral-dev-pkg
===============

As an artifact of our CD pipeline we generate a tar file with the naming format:
::

  $SYS_TYPE-spheral-dev-pkg-$SPHERAL_REVISION_STRING.tar.gz

This tar file contains everything to build and install Spheral on the given 
``$SYS_TYPE`` (e.g. ``toss_4_x86_64_ib``). It contains:
  * A ``spack`` build cache of all the pre-built binaries for Spheral TPLs.
  * A ``spack`` mirror of all TPL tars to enable re-compilation at a later date.
  * ``spack`` bootstrap dependencies for use of libraries such as ``clingo``.
  * Spheral source code.

After extracting the ``dev-pkg`` tar on the target system a user can install 
spheral using ``scritps/lc/install-from-dev-pkg.sh``.

install-from-dev-pkg.sh
-----------------------

This simple script will install Spheral from an unzipped ``dev-pkg`` file to the 
given location. There are a few environment variables that can be used to 
configure this script.

``SPACK_PKG_NAME`` (default : spehral)
The name of the target spack package you want built and it's dependencies.

> ``SPACK_URL`` (defualt : https://github.com/spack/spack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``SPACK_URL`` (default : https://github.com/spack/spack)
```

> ``SPACK_PKG_NAME`` (default : spehral)
> The name of the target spack package you want built and it's dependencies.
> 
> ``SPACK_URL`` (defualt : https://github.com/spack/spack)
> Spack location. A local clone of the spack repolsitory can be used as well (e.g.
> ``SPACK_URL=file:///usr/mydir/spack``).
> 
> ``BUILD_ALLOC``
> Useful for schedule based systems ( e.g. ``BUILD_ALLOC="salloc -N 1 --exlcusive"``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``SPACK_PKG_NAME`` (default : spheral)
The name of the target spack package you want built and it's dependencies.

``SPACK_URL`` (default : https://github.com/spack/spack)
Spack location. A local clone of the spack repository can be used as well (e.g.
``SPACK_URL=file:///usr/mydir/spack``).

``BUILD_ALLOC``
Useful for schedule based systems ( e.g. ``BUILD_ALLOC="salloc -N 1 --exclusive"``).
```
